Test notes

- Azure Knowledge Center - Q&A to common questions; FAQs; searchable online docs

- no SLA for free plans
		
- Preview features can be enabled for the whole organisation by account manager

- GA - General Availability = products which fully tested and evaluated and are made avaialble to customers as a part of azure
	 - Opposite is Preview features which users test and give feedback

- Free Subscription - accesible for 12 months, 200 dollar credit to be used in first 30 days

- Linux less expensive than windows
-  US GOV Virginia - only govt and govt contractors 
- Availability Zones


Support Plans

1. Basic - Service Health personalized dashboard
		 - Azure advisor recommendations
		 - no technical support
		 - Free

2. Developer - For trial and non production envs
			 - Access to support engineers during business hours via email
			 - only Severity C cases - response time < 8 business hours
			 - $29/month

3. Standard - for production envs
			- 24*7 access to support via business or phone
			- Sev C <8 business hrs, Sev B <4 hrs, critical Sev A <1 hr
			- $100/month

4. Professional Direct - Sev C <4 hours, Sev B <2 hrs, SevA <1 hr
					   - Architectural Guidance by ProDirect Delivery Manager
					   - Web seminars
					   - onboarding service, service reviews, Azure Advisor consultation
					   - $1000/month

5. Premier - support time same as professional direct, for Sev A - 15 mins when done using Azure Rapid response
		   - web seminars and on demand training
		   - Designated Technical account manager
		   - architectural review

Application Insights - Allows developers to send telemetry data to azure. exposes an API so that developers can log data to azure

Alerts - to receive emails when no of requests exceed 10000 an hour

Resource Health - shows whether a vm is down or up. shows health issues for vms

Metrics - tell how resource is performing and what it is comsuming

GDPR - standards and regulations enforced by government agencies - European Union

ISO and NIST are not enforced by govt agencies

Azure DDoS is independent of Microsoft Threat Protection
DDoS comes with 2 plans - basic : DDos automatically enabled, standard : gives addnal features - can be enabled

VNets from multiple subscriptions across org can be attached to a single DDoS plan. This plan is attached and billed to a subscription which can't be moved to another subscription.

IOT Hub - bidirectional
IOt central - device to cloud , unidirectional


Service Health - sends alert on exceed usage, planned mainatanance, custom alerts 	

HDInsight - 

Iot central / hub


studio - drag and drop, inbuilt models, when deployed go to we services
service - development exp needed, build custom algos


Azure Resource Manager Templates and policies both need JSON for creation. can't be created using powershell

* Azure Resource Manager

Availability Sets - seperate deployements in same data center

Containers - 

AAD

RBAC Roles


Private cloud - only one tenant

MFA Server - needed for on premise AD
MFA Service - needed for cloud

AZure ADConnect , ADFS - supporting auth between Azure AD and on premise AD

Audit Reports

Application gateway - 

Traffic Manager - delivers internet traffic to datacenter geographically closest to user, uses DNS

URL based routing to route web traffic to different instances

distributes VM traffic evenly across multiple instances

which service gives you first sign 

login from proxy to Ad directory, which service 


IOT Central - IOT service used to manage and monitor IOT devices at scale

Azure AD Identity Protection - MultiFactor Auth (MFA)

Azure Priviledged Identity Mgmt - Gives Just in time access to resources

Azure ATP - uses sensors to monitor and prevent suspicious attacks

Virtual Machine Blade - resource health shows vm health


availibility zones vs availibility sets
cool access tiers



-----------------------------------------------

ACI (Azure Container Instance) - simple app deployement
							   - no orchestration support
							   - no disk storage, only file storage

AKS (Azure Kubrenetes Cluster) - Integrated with Azure Active Directory, existing Vnet, disk premium storage, app upgrades

DevTestLabs - part of Azure DevOps
			- used to provision windows and linux vms
			- can provision envs based on Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates
			- rapid deployement of resources in minutes

Application Gateway - url based routing and routing traffic to different vms 

Service Bus Relay - web accessing on premise service through azure

Azure Cloud Shell - runs powershell and Azure cli on web
Azure Powershell - installable in windows, linux and mac

Applying read only locks on rgs applies it on all resources also
resources can interact with resources in other rgs
resources can contain resources from any region (?)

Load Balancer to distribute traffic to vms, one public ip address exposed, it distributes traffic to a pool of backend vms

Web application Firewall - protects web servers from attacks and vulnerabilities

Disk storage - only available to the vm to which disk is attached, no outside access

disk storage is not supported by ACI Cluster Instances

-----

Management Groups - Let you organise multiple subscriptions into a single entity. Any rules on mgmt groups apply to all subs inside it

In an organisation : 
1 Azure Tenant - multiple mgmt groups - multiple subs - multiple rgs - mulitple resources
* All subs inside a mgmt group must subscribe to the same azure tenant

Advantages of Mgmt groups : 
1. Apply a policy on a mgmt group saying any vm commisioned can be instantiated only in East_US region.
   Policy will apply to all subs in that mgmt group and to all resources in those subs

2. When user wants to access multiple subs : put those subs in a mgmt group and create on RBAC assignment giving the user access
   Old way would have been creating RBAC for each subscription

A single Azure account can create multiple subscription. Billing occurs at subscription level. So build as many subs as you want number of bills

A resource can only belong to one subscription

You can transfer your subscription from one AAD tenat to another. RBACs applied previously do not carry forward to the new tenant

Cloud shell closes after 20 minutes of inactivity

Event Grid - develop serverless functions and respond to events. Filters different events and passes them to functions.

Event Hubs - supports big data pipelines.captures event stream and telemetry data. 

Azure Service Bus - Works with messages. Used for high value enterprise messaging. financial transactions.

Machine Learning Studio : 

1. Drag and drop visual workspace to work with machine learning models. you can build test deploy
2. publishes machine learning models as web services, so the models are accesible to others

------

Honeytoken activity :
Account that you set up to be fake/ decoy account. If login is attempted from this account, it is malicious activity

Account Enumeration reconnaissance : 
Multiple failed auth attempts for users in an alphabetical order. Hacker has a list of user and is trying to guess the password

Brute Force reconnaissance :
Multiple auth attempts for a user. Hacker is trying to guess the password

User and Group membership reconnaissance (SAMR) l: attackers query domain to map directory structure of important accounts

Identity Theft (pass-the-ticket) : attacker gains access to kerberos ticket on user's computer and uses it to gain access of other computers in the network

Identity Theft(pass-the-hash): attacker gains access to NTLM hash of authed user and uses it to gain access to other computers in the network

------

Denial or allowing inbound http traffic only from some ip addresses into vms - Network security groups.

Azure Firewall - create a rule which restricts network traffic across all subscriptions
			   - filter traffic between different vnets and between azure and on premise deployement
			   - also filters inside traffic, vpn, expressRoute gsteways, incoming and outgoing traffic 
			   - filtering based on source/destination ip/port and tcp/ip protocol in use

Web Application Firewall - protects from web based attacks, part of application gateway. no relation with subnets
------

An instance is deployed in a region so SLA = 99.9% . Deploying an additional instance in a regional pair of that region - SLA remains the same.

-------
Locks - on resources, not on roles

12 months free access to azure products
200 dollar credit, to be used in first 30 days. After use, all services are shutdown till you upgrade. 